Step forward
Or I'll make that fool's blood all over the place
Come on.
Come on Odiway
Hahaha
Ah, walk over to me
Qin Shao has already passed
Is this sincerity enough in our country?
Can you give me a little more money for this bride price?
Ha-ha.
How much must it be?
5 million there
Okay, look at my fire, fast, fast
Hurry back
It's my mother's daughter
If you get dirty, you won't be dirty in this sea of fire
This is not a sea of fire
The Way of Money
This is the way of life
Go, go, go
Didn't you hear him?
Ah, it's the road of money
Road to Ascension
I am very satisfied with what you did.
As long as he can cross the sea of fire
Price reduction 5 million
Ouch, how can Qi Shao be so embarrassed?
Aren't you worried about that fool?
Go! Go!
Call
The louder I scream the more excited I get